 1. Key transport --- low priority
 2. Add SEV and SGX measurements (Ye?)
 3. Add sev-attestation and oe-attestation evaluation to certifier_service (JLM)
 4. Get Sev attestation chain sample (Ye?)
 5. Integrate OPA?  --- low priority
 6. Test OE-VSGX (Ye? Anoop?)
 7. Check interface safety  and review all code (Anoop?)
 8. Integrate TDX. (JLM and Ye?)
 9. Test SEV (Anoop?)
10. Fix certifier lib. (Anoop?) [string ABI problem]
11. Write a service for SEV
12. Implement application level certification in SEV.  Here's how it should work:
      a.  The service should have a known communications port, probably tcp.  It should
          request the service run an confidential computing application naming the binary,
          come over this port. When it gets such a request, the service should measure
          (hash) the binary, this is the app measurement and store it.  The service should
          have generated symmetric keys to encrypt and integrity protect data for sealed
          storage and have a certificate for its authentication key.
      b.  The service should fork, change owners, exec and open shared pipes to the application.
          The service should support three calls over the pipes Seal, Unseal, Attest.
          Seal should accept a secret to seal, put the secret and the program measurement in
          a protobuf and encrypt/integrity protect it.  Unseal should accept the output of
          Seal, check its integrity and decrypt it; if the measurement matches that of the program
          running, it should return the decrypted secret.  Attest takes user-data as an argument,
          builds a certificate with the measurement of the program, the hash of the user data and
          signs it with its public key.
      c.  The certifier will have a new provider "application" (like sev) that sends seal, unseal and
          attest requests over the shared pipes to the service and retrieves results.
      d. Change the service so it can either issue admission certs (for authentication) or
          platform attestation evidence appointing the service key as an attestation key.
13. Add Eric's consumer data app
14. Add a keystore app


